I am forever indebted to my parents, who have made this journey at all possible.  My interest in software was strongly inspired by my father’s projects, whereas my foundations in mathematics would not have been as solid without the tutoring from my mother.  Throughout my studies, they have gone above and beyond to support my education, in spite of the limited resources our family had.  I also extend my thanks to my grandparents who cared for me during my youngest years.

On the academic side, I would like to thank my thesis advisor Morten Hjorth-Jensen for his knowledge, wisdom, and, most importantly, support.  He had helped reignite my interest in physics by offering a pathway from experimental to computational physics.  He encouraged me to research in areas that are most relevant to my interests, allowing me to learn and explore far more than I would have otherwise.  I also wish to thank my co-advisor Scott Bogner, who has been very patient and offered valuable assistance and technical discussions.  I thank the rest of my committee – Alexandra Gade, Carlo Piermarrochi, and Scott Pratt – for their valuable inputs, as well as my former advisor Chong-Yu Ruan who guided me during both undergraduate research and my first two years of graduate research.  I thank my colleagues for their valuable discussions, including Sam Novario, Justin Lietz, Adam Jones, Sushant More, and Heiko Hergert.  In particular I wish to thank Nathan Parzuchowski, my hard-working officemate who is well-versed in the intricacies of IM-SRG and Fortran and has a great sense of humor, Titus Morris, whose mastery in many-body theory, quantum chemistry, and social situations is unmatched, Vinzent Steinberg, with whom many fun discussions and debates in programming have been made, and Tzong-Ru Terry Han, who has been very kind and supportive during my years in the laboratory.  I would also like to thank Debbie Barratt and Kim Crosslan for their support throughout my long stay at Michigan State University.

Lastly, I wish to thank all the friends I have made along the way for their support and encouragement, including my feline companion TipToe who has always had to put up with my chaotic schedule.
